capital = 967
primary_culture = crimean_german
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.02
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.1
civilized = yes
prestige = 10

ruling_party = TAU_reactionary
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 5
    conservative = 40
    reactionary = 55
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

set_country_flag = sunni_country

slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = party_appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_service
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders

#Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
the_command_principle = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
army_professionalism = 1
mechanical_production = 1

#Inventions
authoritarianism = yes
hierarchical_order = yes
traditionalism = yes
political_religion = yes
paternalism = yes

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

oob = "TAU_oob.txt"

schools = army_tech_school

